Please convert the following caption into the JSON format shown below. Ensure that each field consists of coherent, self-contained full sentences that can be clearly understood on their own, without relying on context from other fields.

{
  "subject_motion": "Describe the actions and dynamic changes of each individual subject, specifying how they move or change over time or if they do not move or change.",
  "group_motion": "Summarize collective or coordinated actions of groups of subjects, specifying the type of group and the nature of the activity.",
  "subject_object_interaction": "Describe interactions between subjects and objects if there are any, specifying the type of interaction, the object involved, and any resulting effect.",
  "subject_subject_interaction": "Describe interactions between different subjects if there are any, specifying the nature of interaction and their relative movements. Do not infer or speculate about relationships."
}

Caption Instruction:
Provide a concise description of the subject's motion based on the caption.
Chronology: Describe actions in strict chronological order if multiple movements occur.
Action Clarity: Use specific verbs to describe movement rather than generic terms. Avoid emotional or speculative adjectives.
Interactions: Clearly distinguish between interactions with objects (e.g., working with a tool) and interactions between subjects (e.g., fighting, conversing).
Group Behavior: For groups, summarize collective or coordinated activities rather than listing individual actions.
Transitions: When shot transitions occur, describe the motion of subjects in each segment separately.
Subject Focus: Describe only the motion of the subjects. Do not describe camera movement or static background elements.

Caption: {caption}

Instructions:
1. Output valid JSON only. All strings must use ASCII characters only. Do not use Unicode punctuation (e.g., \u2018, \u2019, \u201c, \u201d). Replace all smart quotes with straight quotes.
2. Use the exact same JSON keys as shown above.
3. Preserve all important information from the caption with all keywords and details.
4. Organize the information appropriately under each key.
5. If the caption does not contain some information, leave the corresponding field as "".
6. Return only valid JSON without any additional text.
7. No period after each caption.
8. Do not include any information not mentioned in the original "Caption".
9. Action Focus: Mention only subject actions in subject_motion. Strictly avoid mentioning camera movements (e.g., panning, zooming) in this section.
10. Non-Subjects: Scenery, buildings, walls, and environmental elements are not subjects. Leave all motion fields empty if the caption only mentions static scenery or environmental motion (like wind) without subject agency.
11. UI Exclusions: Game user interface elements, texts, and overlays are not considered subjects. Do not mention them in any subject-related sections.
12. Describe group motion only when the caption explicitly mentions group-level movement. If no explicit group motion is stated, do not include or infer any group motion in this section.